README.md, before:

[![Alt text](https://github.com/nicoodakp/snap-and-clarifai-master/blob/master/128.png?raw=true)](https://youtu.be/c0L_1zuz5jU)

# snap-and-clarifai

1. When watching video or YouTube, tab the app and it will take video snapshot from the video frame .
2. hit "Predict" and the image will parse to the Claifai API. And return celebrity names.
3. Backend javascript do the part of snapshot, where popup.js do the image parsing, analysis and return result.
4. (fixed) I am still working on the 'onclick' event in popup.js 100:103, the links wont render accordingly. For now the remedy is catDiv.innerHTML from popup.js 86 where I insert a tag 'target =  blank' to the src.
5. Working on chrome:// address error, background error when open tab in chrome://url

Reference: \
[Clarifai cloud engine](https://www.clarifai.com/models/celebrity-image-recognition-model-e466caa0619f444ab97497640cefc4dc) \
           [clarifai-javascript-starter](https://github.com/Clarifai/javascript-starter) \
           [Yulon](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-snapshotscreenshot/fngkpediphdinmlceebdlgbafgccjeaj?hl=en)

p.s: I should clari'fai' I hava not tested on any chrome/mac/linux os yet. my enviroment is windows 10, and I am using jquery 3.3.1.

Commit message:

working on mouse hover/enter event

README.md, after:

[![Alt text](https://github.com/nicoodakp/snap-and-clarifai-master/blob/master/128.png?raw=true)](https://youtu.be/c0L_1zuz5jU)

# snap-and-clarifai

1. When watching video or YouTube, tab the app and it will take video snapshot from the video frame .
2. hit "Predict" and the image will parse to the Claifai API. And return celebrity names.
3. Backend javascript do the part of snapshot, where popup.js do the image parsing, analysis and return result.
4. (fixed) I am still working on the 'onclick' event in popup.js 100:103, the links wont render accordingly. For now the remedy is catDiv.innerHTML from popup.js 86 where I insert a tag 'target =  blank' to the src.
5. Working on chrome:// address error, background error when open tab in chrome://url
6. add drawbox function and css, working on mouse hover/enter event.

Reference: \
[Clarifai cloud engine](https://www.clarifai.com/models/celebrity-image-recognition-model-e466caa0619f444ab97497640cefc4dc) \
           [clarifai-javascript-starter](https://github.com/Clarifai/javascript-starter) \
           [Yulon](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/video-snapshotscreenshot/fngkpediphdinmlceebdlgbafgccjeaj?hl=en)

p.s: I should clari'fai' I hava not tested on any chrome/mac/linux os yet. my enviroment is windows 10, and I am using jquery 3.3.1.
